README.md, before:

# hear.com / audibene Frontend Coding Challenge

Welcome, stranger! We probably have not met too long ago, but if you are reading this, that means that so far you like what you see, and we feel the same way! How exciting! Let's get to know each other a little better, shall we?

Since most of the time we will be working on solving some kind of problem for our users together, what better way to get to know each other, than solving a problem together?

## Our Problem

In a world with unlimited content and choice, it becomes difficult to focus on the topics that really matter to us as an individual.

I personally use reddit to create my own little personalized view on the world. My favourite topics are new technologies, politics and funny memes!

After joining hear.com / audibene I noticed that many of my colleagues are using reddit too! But we do all agree that the UI of reddit is too ugly to be spending hours every day staring at it!

We had to do something to fix that...

## The solution

We put our heads together as a team, and after hours of brainstorming, wireframing, countless pitched and discarded ideas and three boxes of hawaii pizza (yes, we love pineapple on pizza, sue us :P ), we came up with the perfect design to view reddit posts!

## Your mission

(should you choose to accept it :detective:)

Is to bring our amazing design to life! We ask you to build simple web page which displays a reddit post and it's comments.

- You will find the design we came up with here: https://invis.io/VNUYXTO8FEK (Password: D3vChall3ng3) - You will also receive an email from us, inviting you as an collaborator on this project on Invision.

- You can find a snapshot dataset to consume for your frontend here: https://gist.githubusercontent.com/mkg0/6a4dca9067ad7a296204e7c9ecd977b0/raw/0b1ec16580ea1e970a73f5c85563c22631be7ad7/unpopularopinion-dataset.json

User Stories:

- As a user, I want to be able to read the post
- As a user, I want to be able to read and delete comments

(Bonus)

- As a user, I want to see the comments sorted by last commented first

## Some final notes

- We believe in 80% but 100% done, rather than 100% but 80% done. If you are short on time, feel free to leave some features out, but don't compromise on code quality.

- If you run out of time, please elaborate the things you would do to take the project into production in the README

- Use any framework you like, we as a team use react.

- Typescript is welcome, but not necessary.

- You can use a state machine library (like redux) if you think it's necessary but it's optional.

- Please consume the snapshot data as an async request and feel free to handle unexpected cases.

- If you are unsure about some details, please improvise. You have the freedom to decide.

- To turn in your code, please send us the link to yor public github repo. If for any reason you prefer not to make it public, please contact us and we'll let you know which user to invite.

## One last thing (really this time)

Have fun! :blush:

Commit message:

docs: additional clarification on expectations

README.md, after:

# hear.com / audibene Frontend Coding Challenge

Welcome, stranger! We probably have not met too long ago, but if you are reading this, that means that so far you like what you see, and we feel the same way! How exciting! Let's get to know each other a little better, shall we?

Since most of the time we will be working on solving some kind of problem for our users together, what better way to get to know each other, than solving a problem together?

## Our Problem

In a world with unlimited content and choice, it becomes difficult to focus on the topics that really matter to us as an individual.

I personally use reddit to create my own little personalized view on the world. My favourite topics are new technologies, politics and funny memes!

After joining hear.com / audibene I noticed that many of my colleagues are using reddit too! But we do all agree that the UI of reddit is too ugly to be spending hours every day staring at it!

We had to do something to fix that...

## The solution

We put our heads together as a team, and after hours of brainstorming, wireframing, countless pitched and discarded ideas and three boxes of hawaii pizza (yes, we love pineapple on pizza, sue us :P ), we came up with the perfect design to view reddit posts!

## Your mission

(should you choose to accept it :detective:)

Is to bring our amazing design to life! We ask you to build simple web page which displays a reddit post and it's comments.

- You will find the design we came up with here: https://invis.io/VNUYXTO8FEK (Password: D3vChall3ng3) - You will also receive an email from us, inviting you as an collaborator on this project on Invision.

- You can find a snapshot dataset to consume for your frontend here: https://gist.githubusercontent.com/mkg0/6a4dca9067ad7a296204e7c9ecd977b0/raw/0b1ec16580ea1e970a73f5c85563c22631be7ad7/unpopularopinion-dataset.json

User Stories:

- As a user, I want to be able to read the post
- As a user, I want to be able to read and delete comments

(Bonus)

- As a user, I want to see the comments sorted by last commented first

## Some final notes

- We believe in 80% but 100% done, rather than 100% but 80% done. If you are short on time, feel free to leave some features out, but don't compromise on code quality.

- We work as a team so please make the code readable and maintainable and pay additional details in starting a new project

- If you run out of time, please elaborate the things you would do to take the project into production in the README

- Use any framework you like, we as a team use react.

- Typescript is welcome, but not necessary.

- You can use a state machine library (like redux) if you think it's necessary but it's optional.

- Please consume the snapshot data as an async request and feel free to handle unexpected cases.

- If you are unsure about some details, please improvise. You have the freedom to decide.

- To turn in your code, please send us the link to yor public github repo. If for any reason you prefer not to make it public, please contact us and we'll let you know which user to invite.

## One last thing (really this time)

Have fun! :blush:
